A story decides when it has to be told.
Modern Studios have
accepted to do a movie with you,
I have made them accept.
The world is finally going
to see who you really are.
First, this news bit,
and the phone call that came after...
Everything changed!
Who was it?
Your disciple.
The king of acting, T K Mahadevan.
I'll make this movie.
You can watch it from a corner.
The fame, name and wealth
that come with cinema
have corrupted you.
This movie will release
with the climax that I choose.
I freed myself from the shackles of work
to come here and be with you.
I have a doubt.
Can't tell which contains more beauty,
that Moon over there
or this face of yours?
Who says you tear
up only when you are sad?
I am very happy, and
these are just tears of happiness.
You act really well.
Whatever happens,
your attention can't waver.
Promise me that you
will act the way I ask you to.
Swear to me.
A promise.
I fell asleep like some damn fool.
Yes...
You are a fool.
But she was only acting.
Ayya!
This is your story.
I will listen only to you.
Action!
This is no longer a film set.
It’s my police station!
Mohan, your death is in my hands!
Is he really that good of an actor?
Are you kidding me?
It does not look like he is kidding.
If this film has to finish today,
this man has to leave!
Now!
Goddamn it!
Who the hell is Anna?
All I need is 5 minutes to destroy you.
I am not some dust to be blown away.
I am a mountain.
Hey, can't you stay calm?
Are you going to threaten me
using your uncle's name?
Some truths need to
be hidden in the dark, right?
How dare you!
Kill me! Kill me!
Okay, ready!
Get the camera close.
Yes, it’s ready.
Closer to my face!
Camera close!